Index Cache: Change cache key for postings (#6405)
thanos-io/thanos: CHANGELOG.md

- [#6322](https://github.com/thanos-io/thanos/pull/6322) Logging: Avoid expensive log.Valuer evaluation for disallowed levels.
- [#6358](https://github.com/thanos-io/thanos/pull/6358) Query: Add +Inf bucket to query duration metrics
- [#6363](https://github.com/thanos-io/thanos/pull/6363) Store: Check context error when expanding postings.

> - [#6405](https://github.com/thanos-io/thanos/pull/6405) Index Cache: Change postings cache key due to the streaming snappy encoding change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#6405](https://github.com/thanos-io/thanos/pull/6405) Index Cache: Change postings cache key to include the encoding format used so that older Thanos versions would not try to decode it during the deployment of a new version.
```
